e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\Breadit.exe.config
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit_MarkupCompile.cache
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\Breadit.exe
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\Breadit.pdb
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit_MarkupCompile.lref
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit.g.resources
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit.Properties.Resources.resources
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit.exe
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit.pdb
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\RedditSharp.dll
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
e:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\obj\Debug\App.baml
E:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\WpfAnimatedGif.dll
E:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Breadit\Breadit\bin\Debug\WpfAnimatedGif.xml
E:\Users\Bryan\Documents\GitHub\Breaddit\Breadit\bin\Debug\Breadit.exe.config
E:\Users\Bryan\Documents\GitHub\Breaddit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit.exe
E:\Users\Bryan\Documents\GitHub\Breaddit\Breadit\obj\Debug\Breadit.pdb
